./master  Sample2-slave.info Sample-job.info 4
boil  3900
boil  3901
wrap  3902
wrap  3903
wrap  3904
mix  3905
mix  3906
mix  3907
freeze  3908
freeze  3909
chocolatebar boil:boilmilk7min 3901 6 finished
vanillaice boil:boilmilk7min 3901 5 finished
chocolatebar boil:boilmilk7min 3901 4 finished
vanillaice boil:boilmilk7min 3901 3 finished
chocolatebar boil:boilmilk7min 3901 2 finished
vanillaice boil:boilmilk7min 3901 1 finished
chocolatebar boil:boilmilk7min 3901 0 finished
vanillaice boil:boilmilk7min 3900 7 finished
chocolatebar mix:chocolatepowder 3906 0 finished
vanillaice mix:vanilla 3906 4 finished
chocolatebar mix:chocolatepowder 3906 3 finished
vanillaice mix:vanilla 3905 6 finished
vanillaice boil:heating 3901 0 waiting
vanillaice boil:heating 3901 0 finished
chocolatebar mix:chocolatepowder 3907 5 finished
vanillaice wrap:wrapbar 3903 0 waiting
vanillaice wrap:wrapbar 3903 0 finished
chocolatebar boil:heating 3900 0 waiting
chocolatebar boil:heating 3900 0 finished
vanillaice mix:vanilla 3906 2 finished
vanillaice mix:vanilla 3906 0 finished
vanillaice boil:heating 3900 0 finished
vanillaice freeze:slow 3908 1 waiting
vanillaice freeze:slow 3908 1 finished
chocolatebar freeze:extreme 3908 1 finished
vanillaice freeze:slow 3909 0 finished
chocolatebar mix:chocolatepowder 3907 1 finished
vanillaice boil:heating 3901 0 waiting
chocolatebar wrap:wrapbar 3903 0 finished
vanillaice wrap:wrapbar 3902 0 waiting
vanillaice wrap:wrapbar 3902 0 finished
vanillaice wrap:wrapbar 3904 1 finished
vanillaice freeze:slow 3908 0 waiting
vanillaice freeze:slow 3908 0 finished
vanillaice boil:heating 3901 0 finished
